docs: guides on how to handle userop not eligible for sponsorship (#225)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/guides/sponsoring-gas/gas-sponsorship-eligibility.md

provider.withAlchemyGasManager({
  policyId: GAS_MANAGER_POLICY_ID,
});
```

<<< @/snippets/provider.ts

:::

Then, before you call `sendUserOperation` on the provider, you can use [`buildUserOperation`](/packages/aa-core/provider/buildUserOperation.md) to check if the user operation is eligible for gas sponsorship or not.

Calling `buildUserOperation` method on the provider that is configured with the gas manager (`withAlchemyGasManager`) will run the middleware pipeline including the paymaster middleware, which will thrown an error if the user operation is not eligible for gas sponsorship under the policy.

```ts [check-gas-sponsorship-eligibility.ts]
let elligible = true;

try {
  await provider.buildUserOperation({
    target: "0xTargetAddress",
    data: "0xCallData",
    value: 0n, // value in bigint or leave undefined
  });
} catch (e) {
  // if the user operation is not eligible for gas sponsorship, error will be thrown and caught here
  elligible = false;
}

console.log(
  `User Operation is ${
    elligible ? "elligible" : "inelligible"
  } for gas sponsorship`
);
```

## 2. How to Bypass the Paymaster Middleware For User Operations Not Eligible for Gas Sponsorship

> So how would you handle the user operation not elligible for gas sponsorship? You might want to unblock your users to be able to make the user operation transaction without gas sponsorship. This section of the guide explains how you can bypass the `PaymasterMiddleware` and still be able to send the user operation without gas sponsorship. This will let your users to make the transaction by paying the gas fee themselves.

Reviewer: Pushing back here for some edits. I think it's a dangerous recommendation to suggest overriding the paymasterAndData field without re-asking the user and alerting them they would need to pay for gas themselves: a) because they may not have funds and it'll fail anyways, and b) because even if they had the funds, they might be blind to this.

In addition to the copy changes below, let's add a `tip` section warning developers about re-sending the UO without sponsored paymasterAndData without getting user input first on the dapp as part of good UX. This is per our discussion [here](https://alchemyinsights.slack.com/archives/C05SX4YLJJZ/p1699453433788839?thread_ts=1696611193.112559&cid=C05SX4YLJJZ).

```suggestion
So how would you handle the user operation not eligible for gas sponsorship? You can choose to surface this to your users by catching the error, especially if your app promises no gas fees. You might then want to unblock your users by sending the user operation without gas sponsorship, and having them pay for the gas themselves after giving their permission on your app.

This section of the guide explains how you can bypass the `PaymasterMiddleware` and still be able to send the user operation without gas sponsorship. This will let you send UserOperations where users pay the gas fee themselves via their smart account.
```

When you call `sendUserOperation` method on `SmartAccountProvider`, in addition to the `UserOperationCallData` or `BatchUserOperationCallData`, you can pass in an optional param `overrides` where you can specify override values for `maxFeePerGas`, `maxPriorityFeePerGas` or `paymasterAndData`. In order to bypass the `PaymasterMiddleware`, you can specify the `paymasterAndData` override. For example, if you set the `paymasterAndData` field in the overrides as `0x`, this will make the user operation to be sent where the gas fee is not paid by the paymaster but by the user's own smart account.

```ts [bypass-paymaster-middleware.ts]
// Baypass paymaster middleware by passing in the paymasterAndData override

/*
 * export type UserOperationOverrides = Partial<
 *   Pick<
 *     UserOperationStruct,
 *     "maxFeePerGas" | "maxPriorityFeePerGas" | "paymasterAndData"
 *   >
 * >;

>  */

Reviewer: let's just link to the `sendUserOperation` doc in the paragraph above, which will have this field's input types laid out.

// Empty paymasterAndData indicates that there will be no paymaster involved
// and the user will be paying for the gas fee even when `withAlchemyGasManager` is configured on the provider
const overrides = { paymasterAndData: "0x" };

const userOperationResult = await provider.sendUserOperation(
  {
    target: "0xTargetAddress",
    data: "0xCallData",

>     value: 0n,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  },
  overrides
);

const txHash = await provider.waitForUserOperationTransaction({
  hash: userOperationResult.hash,
});
```

That's it! By using the above methods to:

1. Check for the gas sponsorship eligibility prior to sending the user operation
2. Bypass the paymster middleware for user operations not elligible for your gas manager policy

> AccountKit provides much flexibility for you to design optimal user experiences to handle different cases of gas sponsonship eligibility accordingly.

Reviewer: This doc should further clarify that the dapp does 1) and then acts on it in code with 2). Specifically, the user clicks button to send the UO, which the dapp should check if eligible. If not eligible, the dapp should inform the user and ask if they would want to kick off 2) (i.e. pay for gas themselves). 

Right now reading this, it's a bit unclear how dev should incorporate 1+ 2 in the app flow.

See my comment above re: `tip` section on advising good UX.

::: code-group

```ts [setup-alchemy-provider.ts]
import { provider } from "./provider.ts";

// Find your Gas Manager policy id at: // [!code focus:10]
//dashboard.alchemy.com/gas-manager/policy/create
const GAS_MANAGER_POLICY_ID = "YourGasManagerPolicyId";

// Link the provider with the Gas Manager. This ensures user operations
// sent with this provider get sponsorship from the Gas Manager.
provider.withAlchemyGasManager({
  policyId: GAS_MANAGER_POLICY_ID,
});
```

<<< @/snippets/provider.ts

:::

Then, before you call `sendUserOperation` on the provider, you can use [`buildUserOperation`](/packages/aa-core/provider/buildUserOperation.md) to check if the user operation is eligible for gas sponsorship or not.

Calling `buildUserOperation` method on the provider that is configured with the gas manager (`withAlchemyGasManager`) will run the middleware pipeline including the paymaster middleware, which will thrown an error if the user operation is not eligible for gas sponsorship under the policy.

```ts [check-gas-sponsorship-eligibility.ts]
let elligible = true;

try {

>   await provider.buildUserOperation({

Reviewer 2: looking at this, maybe I'm convinced it'd be a nice to have a convenience method for this >.>

something like

```ts
function checkSponsorshipEligibility(uo: ..., overrides: ...): boolean {
  return this.buildUserOperation(uo, overrides)
    .then(r => r.paymasterAndData !== "0x" && r.paymasterAndData != null)
    .catch(() => false);
}
```
